feat: improvements on glossary ATAG (#34143)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/atag/index.md

**Authoring Tool {{glossary("Accessibility")}} Guidelines (ATAG)** is a {{Glossary("W3C")}} recommendation for building accessible-authoring tools that produce accessible contents.

> Authoring tools are software applications that people use to create web content. ATAG explains how to:
> 
> - make the authoring tools themselves **accessible**, so that people with disabilities can create web content
> - help authors create more accessible web content — specifically: enable, support, and promote the production of content that conforms to {{glossary("WCAG", "Web Content Accessibility Guidelines")}} (WCAG).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authoring tools are software applications that people use to create web content. ATAG explains how to:

- Make the authoring tools themselves accessible, so that people with disabilities can create web content
- Help authors create more accessible web content by enabling, supporting, and promoting the production of content that conforms to {{glossary("WCAG", "Web Content Accessibility Guidelines")}} (WCAG).
```
